Blocks need to be simpler.  Actually they need to be tiles.
  Block class has a rect, x, y and image (or images for animation).  The
  image should be part of the class itself so that it can be 
  pickled.

  There should be a render class that creates the surfaces used to display
  the images whne things are loaded.  


Levels should be simpler
  Levels should be a list of lists so that order counts and it's possible
  to make sure and swap out individual tiles easily.

  Levels should have an object, stored and created by the leve editor as
  described above, that consitutes the collision mask.

  Levels should also have a background image that is loaded into the default
  display surface.

  There should be an altogithm that defines if a block is adjacent to another
  block for the level editor.  That algorithm should be used to define the
  collision boundaries for the level so that we don't need to calculate over
  all the blocks.

  Levels should be stored pickled.  There should be a load class.  There 
  should not be a dump class. That should be implemented in the level editor.

  Different objective types should be supported as well.  
    1.  Defeat all enemies.
    2.  Defeat some enemies or just one (i.e. boss)
    3.  Get to a position on the map
    4.  Get to a position on the map in a certain order.
    5.  Pick certain items up

Player's should be easier to manage and edit.
  Player should be in it's own lib file.

  Player's collision detection should be simplified but I'm not sure how yet.

  Sound events should be built into the player class.

Enemy's should be implemented like this....
  Sprites
  
  Similiar to player class for attributes.

  Implement AI as a queue of commands or????  Separate behavior from the
  data for the player.

  Sound events should be built into the class.  Based on events???

Story flow
  This is really the important part.  An editor is needed for this also.  
  
  Integrate the level editor code into this editor.

  Should allow for text and images to tell the story.

